if you were trapped inside a crocodile-infested
cave what would you do in this video we follow
a bunch of young adults on their way
to a cave in the australian rainforest
the reason why we already know that they will
probably be killed by a dangerous animal is
because they are in australia but we start out
with two japanese tourists instead that have
seemingly lost their way inside the same jungle in
which our characters will soon be trapped as well
rest assured apart from being lost i have to admit
they don't look too underprepared they have a gps
device wear good shoes and long pants and they
also have a map i have no idea how they got lost
but they somehow did it jesus christ as if
being lost is not enough the man has to get
a bit pissy and walks away as if he was the woman
in this relationship his wife on the other hand
doesn't seem to notice that's bad because if
you're lost together then your big advantage
is being together however if you lose
each other then hysterically running
around trying to find your boo is not a
good idea because you could fall and trip
if you injure yourself deep in a rainforest
and you have no way to contact anyone
you are done for i once hiked through the jungle
in asia wearing flip-flops and short pants that
was the most idiotic thing i have ever done but
since i have started writing these videos i know
what's up you see i see people die every day
in my job so watch and learn so two are gone
but it doesn't matter because we got five more
characters to follow and see what mistakes they
do our five heroes are these people right here
two couples and one fresh dude they're old friends
and catch up with each other over beers
and drinks while talking about stuff
that you would talk about in australia they plan
on exploring a cave system in a jungle nearby
when they drive over the next day yolanda this
girl right here points out the massive crocodile
sunbathing on the shore on a nearby canal no [ __
] that alone would convince me to turn around and
leave after all exploring an unexplored cave in
the australian rainforest in a crocodile-infested
area without crocodile dundee is not inviting
but cash this guy pulls out a sweet gun to calm
her down and me too we can all agree that this is
a quintessential asset when going on a dumb trip
like that when they arrive at the cave we have
to admit that they seem to be quite okay prepared
we have seen worse on this channel for sure
however i would opt for long sleeve upper body
wear instead of a t-shirt especially for entering
a dark moist and probably cold cave there are many
deadly things in australia not just crocodiles
to australia you might accidentally get killed
i would be just as worried about snakes frogs
and spiders hence i would prepare my clothing
in a way that there is as little skin exposed
as possible but for now let us enter the cave
okay so first of all let me point out that
arbitrarily entering any unexplored cave
without sufficient level of expertise is not
a smart idea if you do that in the very least
let somebody else know if you don't make it
back you can be sure somebody will come and
look for you in the next 24 hours and if we're
honest there is always something that can happen
safety first now one thing that i'd like to
point out is how these people are touching the
cave walls when making their way through that's
a bad idea unless you are sure that there isn't
anything dangerous lurking you shouldn't touch
these walls without wearing protective wear
and this isn't just the case in australia although
i would argue especially there you should be extra
cautious one bite of the wrong thing and it's over
but perhaps that would have been better than what
is lying up ahead we got lost down here and no
one knows we're down here right i don't know
yep that is a signal to turn around and leave my
friends that's like my friends inviting me to just
one drink okay it won't work plus this dude is
so confident even though he has never been here
before that's fishy okay go home as our characters
make their way through they find a skeleton of a
goat that's a pretty big animal but considering
it could have fallen into the pit before it could
make sense but then it would have died a long time
ago if i were any of these people i would have
taken a better look at the bones if this animal
was killed or eaten up by a carnivore we should be
able to see any signs of that and then obviously
make a decision if it's okay to continue or not
none of them consider the possibility of facing a
crocodile in here and none of them have considered
what to do in case of a cave in neither as
we heard from victor before nobody knows that
they are in here if you were concerned about
dead after having entered just 20 minutes ago
how about returning and contact someone as soon
as you got mobile connection be your own agent
okay don't follow the crowd as of now i can attest
that these people did not think stuff through but
it gets even better before they arrive at their
destination they come by a tiny water cascade
that isn't something unusual in caves usually
it's just rain water collected by the ground
that sinks through and reemerges just like
that however if it was dry for a prolonged
period this wouldn't be here therefore it could
mean that it is currently raining which of course
should alarm you both characters though are
curious but eventually just brush it off as
nothing to worry about meanwhile it started to
truly pour down in rain up above hence the small
cascade our heroes don't know any of that of
course and march forward until they arrive here
that's a beautiful place not gonna lie
get a few shots and then turn around
and leave but jokes aside this is a stunning
underground lake for the small inconvenience
of getting here this is totally worth
it what do you think but remembering
the golem like creatures from harry potter 6 i
would not touch this water with a 10 foot pole
and let me know again
oh okay well that wouldn't be me uh and if i were
any of the friends i would swiftly point out that
we are still in crocodile territory and this
lake looks like a pretty sweet home to me it's
the perfect place for crocodiles the water too is
very cloudy making it difficult to see anything
and if all of that wasn't enough crocodiles are
primarily nocturnal hunters meaning their eyes are
very well developed for such environments as the
men crossed the lake for no apparent reason the
other three characters are being more reasonable
and explore the side where they have entered
once our two characters arrive on the other side
they once again find another water cascade pouring
down again this is a sign but doesn't necessarily
have to be one at the same time jennifer observes
the water that would be me in fact i don't think
i would have let any of my friends enter the water
before pointing out the dangers and precautions
one should have taken before going in at the same
time the floodlight runs out of battery of course
now that shouldn't happen if you were preparing
for a cave exploration days ago also why just
carry one that's just stupid and the headlamps
they wear look more like stuff you would order
from china with an estimated shipping time of 6
months and 24 days the quality of those and the
children flashlights they use definitely don't
justify coming in here with one floodlight and no
extra batteries that's a big l i do not approve
as if that wasn't enough though jennifer points
out that there seems to be something in the water
hey hey i think there's something in the water
if i heard this i would move my ass out of this
lake faster than the laws of physics would allow
but the men in this video are obviously
not in a rush because instead of moving out
they stare at the wall while listening
to the menacing rush behind it
looks like poseidon himself has funneled a
generous amount of water from a different
dimension into this lake who knows maybe we're
actually watching a cleverly disguised science
fiction movie rather than in survival flick
point being this river came out of nowhere
but if you have an idea let me know in your
creative comment i'm burning to know our
characters are swept away and can just barely
save themselves ashore however one of the guys
backpacks got lost in the stream of water and
another guy plans now to find it justification
the keys of the car are in there now
that's a bucket full of horseshit okay
you just barely survived an underground flooding
and you have no idea to which extent yet finding
the keys to your car above ground is nowhere
near as important as getting out of here asap
instead of looking for the backpack
you should assess the situation first
is anyone injured where is the exit is the
exit flooded as well is the water rising all
very important question to answer first i would
straight up strip off my clothes quickly everyone
who has been to a cave before knows how cold it
gets down there combine this with so close and you
are ready for hypothermia bring your clothes put
them aside and make a plan with everyone involved
right now the water keeps rising they decided it's
best to get over to where they came from and dive
underneath section by section until they get to
the point where they have entered the cave the
only problem is that jennifer has seen something
in the water before she isn't a child if someone
points out something potentially deadly you should
maybe listen expecting the worst is rarely a bad
starting point be the what-if person not the sorry
afterwards person but it goes without saying that
regardless of having crocos in here if the water
keeps rising we would either drown or get eaten
up regardless so leaving the cave as soon as
you can has the highest priority just keep an
eye on what's happening around you stay close
to each other and don't be stupid if you can
victor well there is always someone like this and
i being the honest guy that i am have no sympathy
for that in the very least he could have alarmed
everyone else that he has found the backpack with
the keys in it victor vanishes and the group looks
out for him screaming his name but he isn't there
anymore like a real kamikaze he disappeared not
for long though he suddenly reappears screaming
for his life as he is fighting a huge saltwater
crocodile they are just barely able to save him
in the process they even fished out a torso
from an obvious dead person that has obviously
seen better days as well and if we look closely
we see it's a japanese guy from the beginning
hey how's it going my friend victor survives but
is heavily damaged by the attack no wonder here's
a brief croco 101 as mentioned crocos have good
night vision and are nocturnal beings they also
have a very good sense of smell and are primarily
ambush hunters that means they patiently wait and
then strike lightning fast if that isn't enough
saltwater crocodiles have the strongest bite
that has ever been measured we are talking 3 700
pounds per square inch or over a ton per square
centimeter for comparison that is roughly four
times stronger than the bite of a tiger or lion
let that sink in for a second oh and male salt
water crocodiles grow to a length of 20 feet or
6 meters happy birthday victory is one lucky dude
but he doesn't seem very well the bigger problem
apart from dying victor is how the hell do we
get out of here one big disadvantage is that now
the group is split up into two each group being on
one respective side of the lake the water is still
rising and dead inevitably calls for action eric
the main guy insists of diving out in tag team
fashion including him and his buddy the fresh dude
the plan is to get out of there call for help pick
up the gun re-enter and save the remaining three
characters but hold up why would you bring a gun
if you just leave it in the car that's not just
dumb that's downright reckless with a gun this
situation could have been a lot more comfortable
leaving the pistol in the car a fatal mistake
ladies and gentlemen another big l for the team
but eric has brought his magic survival toothpick
okay so no worries everything is under control on
a more serious side though this knife is pathetic
this may be a good fit for meat carvings before
a grill session but not fighting off predators
three times the size of you but we can't be choosy
so i prefer this over my bare hands the plan as of
now use the torso from before as a distraction
and then swim quickly to the tunnel and get out
of there to pick up the items i have mentioned
but how do you successfully fight a crocodile
well naturally you should avoid this as much as
you possibly can these animals are not a joke but
in case of our characters here i have researched a
few tips first it is good to know that the jaw for
crocodile is more sensitive than the fingertips of
humans meaning albeit a very short knife that eric
has if you use it right you may be able to fight
off a croco aim at the eyes they are the most
vulnerable parts of these animals usually on land
you have a better chance than in water but in our
case this is not possible making our way through
the flooded cave and attack team is essential
and lastly fight like crazy no joke when a
croco attacks you it will most likely pull
you underwater and roll itself you got one chance
okay make your punches count additionally if your
team member is attacked instead of you fight the
croco as well aim at the eyes successfully gouging
them beat with your own fingers has a high chance
to scare away the predator good luck while they
dive relentlessly and get ahead well eric's leg
gets stuck in between a rock he can barely free
himself and almost drowns only with a great deal
of luck he is able to release his leg the bigger
problem however is that now they have lost each
other that's fatal if one should get attacked by
a crocodile now the chances of survival are very
slim it was also eric who carries a small knife
not the dude therefore it should have been him
to lead if it was a dude who would have gotten
stuck it would have been safer for eric to dive
backwards and look for him as he has the means
to defend himself but now being apart from each
other each somewhere unknown in this cloudy water
it's very difficult to find each other again but
is there a way to avoid being lost underwater with
low visibility yes there is divers call this item
a guideline a line which guides you back if you
should become lost now our heroes don't have that
of course that much is sure but they do have the
gear to improvise remember at the start of this
movie they climbed down into the cave well they
used climbing ropes back then meaning they do have
enough rope for quite a distance now naturally the
ropes aren't long enough to connect both ends of
the tunnel but they are enough per each overhead
section so what i mean is for each section they
could have fixated the rope at the starting point
of the section while the front diver is laying
out the rope until the overhead section finishes
that way the second diver behind could never lose
a diver in the front because he could always just
follow the guiding rope but in the movie this
doesn't happen right causing the characters to be
separated and the dude unfortunately be attacked
by another crocodile the game is over for this guy
as well before we see how eric responds to that
we cut back to the two women and the injured guy
back in the cave victor the guy with the injury
suffers an asthma attack his inhaler though is in
the backpack on the other side even worse yolanda
the girl with the inhaler throws it pretty badly
what was that that's how my girlfriend throws
snowballs and she has never seen snow before
i'm talking about that level of badness
okay but anyway the only way for her to
rescue her boyfriend now is to deliver
it herself and she does so by the way
if you for whatever reason ever need to cross
crocodile infested waters move very very calmly
and don't splash okay if you can't do that then
dive in would probably be the best option you have
dad was close glad this was me but she makes it
over and can save her boyfriend for now at the
same time jennifer feels an airflow allowing her
to discover another corridor leading further into
the cave but before she can act eric returns he
didn't make it and gave up after the dude has been
killed as we all know now while jennifer stays
back to take care of victor you'll land on eric
go to explore the new park to see if there was a
way out now that should have been the plan before
trying to dive half an hour through the
crocodile-infested waters but before they go
though yolanda tells her dying boyfriend that she
is pregnant she also adds that she tried waiting
for the best moment to share the happy news now
i don't think she was able to achieve that but
uh i'll leave the judgment to you so when both of
them tried to find the exit jennifer and victor
noticed that the water keeps rising they agreed to
make their way further up to avoid any new attacks
good choice in great pain they make it up having
arrived in safety jennifer goes through the photos
of the crew from the night before she smiles
and enjoys what she sees until she doesn't
at first i wondered why she gets so upset looking
at a photo of her boyfriend and her female friend
they all get along but hey she's a woman okay so
she probably got that sixth sense well i guess
we will see jennifer then spots the backpack with
the car keys in it again for some odd reason she
decides to risk her life to recover it i have
shared my opinion on that when victor tried the
same thing before ending up as a burden for the
whole group well it seems like now it's her turn
right whatever you might think about this though
this move i don't think it's a good idea remember
we are in a crocodile-infested area what's so
hard to understand about that i don't really know
screw the car key okay you have bigger problems to
solve than recovering a key of a vehicle that you
can't reach but she does it anyway she enters the
lake even picks up the backpack rushes out because
the croco is about to attack and of course she
slips and hits her head at the same time the poor
injured victor comes down to rescue her he heaves
her up but hears a strange sound from the back
hmm what could that be i better turn around
and keep staring at the water for no reason
and the next one completely avoidable but tell
me what you think three people left a short while
later yolanda and eric joined back the next drama
is already cooking up as we know as they cross a
small section of the lake jennifer is probably
already plotting her case against him and sure
enough as they arrive back and receive the sad
news about victory's death they're also confronted
with the cheating allegation jennifer has cooked
up boom well what's your answer to that cowboy
it wasn't an affair it wasn't an affair it was
only a mistake oh well i'm sorry for accusing you
i didn't know it was only a mistake please excuse
me okay looking at jennifer at this moment she
was probably considering to push them backwards
into the lake i wouldn't blame her but there is
a better way believe me you see we want to get
out of here therefore we need a better strategy
if we take on the shoes of jenny for a second
we're actually in a pretty good spot now because
now we don't have to worry about anybody else but
ourselves we can safely sacrifice any of these too
without overthinking too much and that's a
huge advantage after all our boyfriend has
impregnated our friend that's right her child is
not victors but eric's what a nice extra twist i
really like this part for some reason don't ask
me why but it's a nice twist now what i would do
is carefully use those two to shield off any croco
attack i would do that in plain the manipulative
victim while remaining cooperative without
doing anything that could lead to my own death
here's what i would do i would request a knife
from eric he would naturally respond that he is
the most capable person having it and that is true
therefore he should lead the way perfect then i
would go into the middle blaming yolanda at the
same time for the whole thing because it's easy
to blame her now and at this point have her take
the spot at the rear boom we're safe but where
are we heading well during the discussion about
the cheating eric spots an area on the surface of
the lake where sun rays appear to come through
now that's a bit odd but let's roll with it
so with my strategy from before i would make
my way over comfortably in the middle of these
two now that doesn't eliminate the risk but it
does minimize it however if you don't want to
use your cheating friends as bait because you
are a better person than i am then there is a
second choice bait the crocodile while being on
the shore and try to kill it off we don't know
how many crocodiles are in the water but if we can
kill one we could bait the others with the carcass
of it repeating the process in any way each croco
less equals a better chance for us to survive
when the trio swims to the sun beaming area
the predator attacks eric and death rolls him
um to death uh yeah it's game over for him as
well two left will those two make it alive or not
well we will see they are just barely able to swim
through and arrive at the weird intersection that
in my opinion looks like a crocodile nest just
when you thought things couldn't get worse however
through a tiny slippage on the side they're
able to enter jungle pond and are back
under the blue sky of australia congratulations
but it's not over yet nope the last part is a
little mundane but since we got this far we should
finish it off so you know exactly what happens
in the end so both girls get to the car at this
point i take it back okay good one for jenny to
have retrieved the car keys although it cost life
so we could argue about that anyway as they enter
the car and start to drive the awkward silence
is even more uncomfortable than being stuck
with giant water dragons not five minutes
later they crash into the very same lake
where they have just escaped from because of
a tree obstructing the passage how about that
now i don't want to go into details here but
driving as fast as here on this very off-road
street takes the cake for me jesus that was
the silliest move so far they crash into the
water and are firmly stuck it takes a while but
they remember the gun inside the car compartment
but instead of shooting at the window and escaped
like james bond would they don't okay they wait
for the crocodile to open the door for them i
mean why not both escape to the shore but are
attacked one last time jenny is able to shoot
more or less successfully and saves them both
wow yeah that was the movie pretty decent and
i learned a lot more about crocodiles than i
had expected now let me know what you think about
this video and about the movie if you have enjoyed
it binge another one how about that and leave a
like thank you appreciate you being here peace